DESCRIPTION
	Here are all co-op mod related scripts, except the level-scripts,
	since level-scripts need to be in the folder "base/maps/".	

MORPHEUS SCRIPTING SYSTEM
	Star Trek: Elite Force II uses the Morpheus Scripting System, which was
	very advanced and extremely powerful and incredibly flexible in 2003.
	Unfortunately this Scripting language has a few limitations. This code
	uses numerous ways to work around this limitations and compatibility issues.

	The Code deals with Windows-Servers and Linux-Servers, both do not provide
	the full set of commands in Multiplayer. This code includes many functions
	which replace the original functions and commands, which do not work(proper)
	in Multiplayer, or can lead to a server crash.

	This program-code can not be compared to standard programming or
	scripting. This code includes years of experience in Morpheus-scripting.
	
	
EFFICIENCY
	At some parts you will discover efficiency faults, there is no "if else"
	used but it seams to be strongly recommended. Due to the given limitations
	and the fact that the HaZardModding Coop Modification is a MASSIVE program
	which provides a entire game-mode inside the game its own game-types and 
	game-modes, I had to short and optimize the code constantly at all costs.
	This drains slightly the efficiency of the code, and will eat a little more
	cpu and ram resources, which we have anyway plenty these days.
	
	I had also to use while() instead of for(), since the Scripting compiler
	prefers to work with while() and the compiler is the Master of limitations.
	The massive use of while() has a very bad effect on the code its runtime
	stability, so some passages do make use of for().
	
	Some configuration-variables or entity targetnames have been put into
	variables. Once this data is inside variables the data can be processed
	faster and significant more efficient, plus the disruption of the regular
	game-flow is reduced to a minimum. Even if the code seams to be written
	in a illogical way, it serves its purpose highly reliable or efficient!
	
	
SWAPPED CODE
	Some code used in the Singleplayer campaign has been swapped, due to the
	limitations into configuration-files, these files which will be executed
	when needed and the code will be processed in real-time.
	

CVARS
	Write Cvars names ALLWAYS in lowercase, as for exampel in:
		stuffCMD("seta g_gametype 1 \n");
		setcvar("g_gametype","1");
		getCvar("g_gametype");
		getCvarInt("g_gametype");
		getCvarFloat("g_gametype");

